More features added December 2023:



We will have religious wars in the game with custom game maps and mods.
Think Counter Strike with the Warcraft Modification (mod) or the game Heretic.



//Not the kickass SMITHERS player in AA:PG who battlebuddies scary [M] Ghost or one of the more senior deep voice raspy guys. OKAY JOKE DONE YET? SIRS? wwaiting, waiting....waiting....annoying bitch soldier...waiting....waiting...waiting.....waiting ... watting waiting.... 9 stars...for now...jebus crhist staaaaaahp.

no STAPH...that would be an infection? what is an infection...no  more jokes.... //



Drones in certain maps, modes, mods, will be controlled by players on their phone.
Think aircraft but also land, water, submersible and space drones.
Remember time-quantum-wires are hypoothetical wormholes that are constantly sustained perhaps with an outside layer insulator for protection that will allow humans to control killer military robots in a fashion that is safe.
The robots will not have unsafe CPU's or Quantum computer brains, they will instead always be powered by real time Remote Control by soldiers.




We will have the ability for civilians to experience the eco-system as SIMS or random non-a.i-beings.
They can roam the maps like avatars in the games Sims (from the creators of Sim Life and Sim City).



Remember, tech tree progression might not be resetable like in the real militaries around the world.
Not sure yet how this will work but choices in career development or Technology Tree advancement through experience and other accolades will be very important as the fractal/recursive nature of reality will be replicated in the simulations.




The base AAPG inspired game could include some modes where perks are allowed but simple minimal ones like being able to carry the enemey weapon for one round if MVP is awarded in the previous round.


I believe psychology profiles will be used in the  ecosystem.  As I'd rather judgesomeone on hard measureable comments rather than the size of their bank accounts. These could just be regular questionnaires answered and processed through a chatbot interface (think using psychology in game via CHATGPT).



I believe people should have an option to firewall themselves from content that is too controversial for their sensibilities.  Examples would be swipping and avoiding maps, modes, and mods pertaining to a historical lineage or progression.   Some people would love to avoid potentially hurtful and traumatising content based on horrific events in teh past while others will not swipe anything and honor fully the soldiers and civilians and leaders who have paid the ultimate sacrifice, suffering from war.


Full VR and VR controllers could be used for more advanced simulations in the future iterations or modifications or modes developed by our global community.
Think we could simulate Musketeers or SwashBucklers, where a player could move with the WASD keys but handle a sword virtually in the other hand.  Don't forget we all have two feet as well when sitting.



Mouse-maps or scale skewed maps are where the simulator is actually the size of a mouse relative to the normally ratioed room.  This is where we can be playful and make maps dedicated to space or rooms of celebrities or with provenance.
Celebrities could raise support by allowing people to play their bedrooms or offices for charity.


Modifications to the core game with custom maps couild include modes such as with strategic partnerships with existing intellectual properties such as Star Wars, Space:above and beyond, Battlestar Galactica and Star Trek.



We must include the most well evolved and thoughtout regime for aim training, this includes standardizations for computing equipment or equivalent estimations.


People should be able to raise personal funds by made a pay to view live avatar.
This is where the soldier character in teh simulation has a live overlay of the simulators face.
As well there could be places in the GUI to add live webcams for faces in the scoreboard zone or with the ingame Social Media functions we will insert.










