When the game is generating profits in a continuous and sustainable manner that allows us to parallel pivot to new areas of business, I believe we will have the funds to start making short and long form dramatic perforamce based entertainment.


All the ideas will be have a law enforement, army or action element.  But all will deal with time-quantum physics.


Scott Bakula could teach Time-quantum physics to Children/pachitos with Childrens programing at online on our app and/or Youtube like platforms.
Kids definitely need audio/visual/mathematical/philosophical simulation.

We will need exercise programming for children and participants of the Earths.army.  Aerobics could be taught by Billy Blanks exercise trainer, Richard Simmons and Canadian fitness celebrities (and global ones a like)
Hal Johnson and Joanne McLeod.


A christian and Catholic mixed defence force, that really is just competing clans in www.earths.army the action fps simulation.
The religious antics could be hilarious if they have access to gods technology, the Time-Quantum Physics mentioned in the non-peer reviewd paper.


I believe a Silicon Valley show and Community show crossover with a quantum business would be funny, if we also added the 3 guys/stooges from Workaholics.
Remember, with infinite sort of life post quantum singularity we will run out of stories, and fear to be a source of inspiration, MEGA-HUGE crossovers will be the norm I suspect.


A comedy with Jean-Claude Van Damme where he is again a TIME Police or "TIME-MAN" special unit officer where he travels back in time to catch who quantum entangled all the cocaine in the world to track our emotions over time.
It would turn out to be a comedy and or strict action film where we find that the one in charge is not a souless a.i. but something more Monumental and Holy, a Fractal/recursive system of God's representatives, Alien Kings at every fractal universe (remember it's very plausible there are other universes, not parallel just other areas of positive and negative energy bubbles, a local universe.


I believe we could do skits where the non-existent Colombian chapter of GirlSCouts and BoysScouts of America (which America? USA or South or Latin or Mezo-American) sell Cocaine door to door under the guise of Cookie peddelling.  Special guests could include David Chappelle and eventually when we have world peace due to assymetrical power of Quantum physics, George W. Bush Jr.
Think Chapelles Cocaine face meme just always with someone different.




QRPG - eventually, we will enter the live - play-a-character-yourself-QRPG media business. This is where we use Quantum Physics to augment human abilities to withstand forces and energies and situations not possible to normal biological beings.  We chould have air breathed through the skin like a  aquatic toad, human floating flight as seen in "My Secret Identity" with Jerry O'Connel, bullets that imprevious to impact where they get time dilated near the the human skin body and actually float through the spaces inbtween cells as to be cloaked to human cells.  Additionally, besides, super human abilities, intellect or negative intellect/cognitive functions could be an affect that players can endure. The idea here is very similar to what is seen in the Bill Murray movie, "The Spy who knew too little." Relgious and spiritual QRPG's could be a thing as well, think, crusades, sharing philosophical bliss or tournament cerebral neuron pattern activation activations, or even executing Voodoo with teachers who instruct kids (with parental permission) how to make Voodoo dolls and perform rituals or community actions.



To be selfish and desire my personal dreams and likes to come to fruition, I would love to see a reboot of Space: Above and Beyond where Wang is sent back in time with Time travel or Time-Quantum Brain computer interfaces and must return to WW2 for a mission to fight Evil Alien Robots. Maybe, since he was tortured by a.i. robots in the first season, he is secretly and unknowingly conscripted as a spy to go back in time to kill Hitler or other Time travellers.  But human perserverance and honor and diginity and shivalry will win.


Coked out zombies would be another thing we could do in Colombia, but I would rather it to not be a cheesy/slapstick/3 stooges quick bits humor with no useful story arc.
instead it could be more like Train to Busan meets Zombieland meets Doctor Who.


Ultimately, I would love to see competitive QRPG type sports in the Olympics.
















